First startup detected
Starting 5 second wait...start
Running status check

ID: 5
Run 'mrw'
Task ID: 5 has been logged
cleanup ID: 5
Task 5 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 1

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 2

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 3

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 4

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 5

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 6

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 7

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 8

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 9

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 10

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 11

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 12

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 13

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 14

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 15

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 16

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 17

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 18

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 19

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 20

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 21

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 22

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 23

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 24

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 25

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 26

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 27

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 28

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 29

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 30

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 31

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 32

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 33

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 34

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 35

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 36

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 37

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 38

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 39

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 40

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 41

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 42

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 43

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 44

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 45

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 46

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 47

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 48

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 49

Idle
ID: 0
Run 'charging'
Task ID: 0 has been logged
cleanup ID: 0
Task 0 is successful.
systickHandlerCount: 50
